CP-49980: Review provider document (#40)
xenserver/terraform-provider-xenserver: docs/index.md

page_title: "xenserver Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   The XenServer provider can be used to manage and deploy XenServer resources. You must configure the provider with the proper credentials before you can use it. Documentation regarding the Data Sources and Resources supported by the XenServer Provider can be found in the navigation to the left. Please note that this provider is still continue developing.

Reviewer: What are we implying with the statement athat it's still in development? 
Does this mean it's a beta or preview, and not fully supported? Or does this mean that more features are coming soon? Both?
I think we should be clear which of these we are trying to communicate.

---

# xenserver Provider

> The XenServer provider can be used to manage and deploy XenServer resources. You must configure the provider with the proper credentials before you can use it. Documentation regarding the Data Sources and Resources supported by the XenServer Provider can be found in the navigation to the left. Please note that this provider is still continue developing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The XenServer provider can be used to manage and deploy XenServer resources. You must configure the provider with the proper credentials before you can use it. Documentation regarding the Data Sources and Resources supported by the XenServer Provider can be found in the navigation to the left. Note that this provider is still in development.
```

Reviewer: Same comment as earlier. What are we telling the customer by saying still being developed?

Author: answered as above.

### Required

> - `host` (String) The base URL of target XenServer host.<br />Can be set via Environment Variable **XENSERVER_HOST**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `host` (String) The base URL of target XenServer host.<br />Can be set by using the environment variable **XENSERVER_HOST**.
```

> - `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of target XenServer host.<br />Can be set via Environment Variable **XENSERVER_PASSWORD**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of target XenServer host.<br />Can be set by using the environment variable **XENSERVER_PASSWORD**.
```

> - `username` (String) The user name of target XenServer host.<br />Can be set via Environment Variable **XENSERVER_USERNAME**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `username` (String) The user name of target XenServer host.<br />Can be set by using the environment variable **XENSERVER_USERNAME**.
```
